=head1 NAME

sumup - RevBank plugin for SumUp card payments

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin allows interactive card payments using the SumUp Cloud API and a
connected terminal.

=head2 Usage

=over

=item * Get a compatible payment terminal

Note: SumUp calls their terminals "readers".

At the moment of writing, only the I<Solo> model supports the "Cloud API".
Note: the I<Solo Lite> does not.

Because these terminals are not linked to specific accounts, you can get a used
one. But they are country-locked so make sure it's one from where you intend to
use it.

=item * Create an account and have it approved.

Create a SumUp account and go through the verification process.

=item * Create an API key

In the SumUp Developer site, create an API key. It is possible to create a test
account with its own API key. It is recommended to test everything in a copy of
your RevBank installation, using the test account.

Note that the test account has its own Merchant ID too, which you can look up
in the Dashboard.

=item * Install the API proxy

SumUp's API keys can only be linked to the admin account, and as such, have
full rights. Yikes. You wouldn't want to use that in RevBank directly. The
proxy provides very limited API access for RevBank to use.

	git clone https://codeberg.org/revspace/sumup-proxy /opt/sumup-proxy
	cd /opt/sumup-proxy
	yarn install  # NOTE: in Debian, use yarnpkg instead of yarn

When using systemd:

	cp sumup-proxy.service /etc/systemd/system
	cp config.example.json /etc/sumup-proxy.json
	chmod 600 /etc/sumup-proxy.json
	$EDITOR /etc/sumup-proxy.json  # update merchantId and apiKey
	systemctl start sumup-proxy
	systemctl enable sumup-proxy
	systemctl status sumup-proxy

When not using systemd, find another way to run the proxy with its own
dedicated user account and config file that is B<not readable> by others
(including the user that runs `revbank`).

=item * Enable a I<deposit_method>

There are a few steps to get this working. First, ensure that a
C<deposit_methods> plugin is loaded. If you're not using C<deposit_methods>
already, note that it is recommended to copy the plugin and then edit the copy,
e.g.:

	cp plugins/deposit_methods ~/.revbank
	echo './deposit_methods' >> ~/.revbank/plugins
	$EDITOR ~/.revbank/deposit_methods

The example C<deposit_methods> plugin in the Git repository already comes with
an example for card payments: the method is called `pin`. You could use a
different name, like `card`, but in that case you also have to configure the
C<sumup> plugin to use that. See C<plugins/config.example> for that.

=item * Enable this plugin

Add C<sumup> to your C<plugins> file. Restart RevBank.

=item * Pair the payment terminal to the RevBank instance

Don't login on the card reader. If it's already log in, log it back out again.
When it's logged in, the Cloud API feature is not available.

Connect the reader to the Cloud API. That will fail if it was previously
paired, saying the code has expired. Just try it again.

In RevBank, use:

	_sumup_pair

This command can't be tab-completed. Type the code from the reader's display.

It may take a few seconds for the device to start connecting. Don't panic if it
doesn't respond immediately.

=back

=head1 CONFIGURATION

There are a few variables you can configure. They're pretty self-explanatory if
you know how RevBank works. To disable accountless payments, you can set the
C<$passerby_command> variable to an empty string.

=head1 DISCLAIMER

RevBank and its authors are not afiliated with SumUp in any way. The
interoperability provided by this plugin should not be construed as
endorsement of any company, products, or services.
